Home Page

Nav - Home, Local Artists, Honorable Artists, About

Recent Posts:

Top 2 posts of Each Category
Local Artists
Shigeto
J Dilla

Honorable Artists
Mr. Carmack
DJ SHADOW

Local Artists Page

Nav

Your go to Local Michigan Music Blog.
J Dilla

is a Detroit native record producer active from 93 to 06.  Possibly the most influential artist in the last 30 years, his massive music collection is still being sold piece by piece, 7 years later.  There are T-shirts that read "Dilla changed my life" and "Music hasn't been the same since Dilla."  He was arguably the fastest and most efficient mixer in the history of mixing and he played with rhythm and time signature in a way that hadn't been seen ever before nor since, and that makes him a legend.

Shigeto

Ann Arbor DI producing Melodic, and beat cultured electronic music.  He has a very heavy Jazz influence for many of his songs.  Very Unique, Very good.

Prof. Megablown

Homie from the old days, this Ann Arbor Beatmaker has been on the forefront of musical trends since the fifth grade.


joonthemonsoon

Ann Arbor Homie producing prodigy beats with Megablown and friends.


Chrome Sparks

Pittsburgh Native, Ann Arbor adoptee, New York Resident.  Jeremy is a Top Tier beatmaker and he has created one of the best stoner anthem's in memory, "Marijuana".


Ryan Yunck

Ann Arbor homie producing Progressive rock music out of his basement.  He's actually really good.


Timid Soul

St. John's brother DJs working collaboratively on Melodic, Light, funky and Trippy music.


Is he real?

Ann Arbor MC Dedicated to authenticity in music.  He raps and produces with Crackcity and many other musicians


ASHOD

Ann Arbor Homie producing mad beats with Crackzilla and Friends.


Karriem Riggins

Detroit Jazz Drummer who takes Strong cues from J Dilla.  Very Talented, very creative.

Honorable Artists

Honorable Non-local, MI Adopted Artists.
Fore Fathers of Trap, Hip Hop, Electronica, and Music as we now know it.  That or they're just really good at what the do and deserve recognition.


DJ Shadow

American DJ and Producer that started my transformation into "culturally aware" in terms of music.


Mr. Carmack

Real Shit.  Hard Hitting, Slow Jamming Trap Artist.  Epitomizes my current musical Phase.


Flying Lotus A.K.A. Flylo, Juno Leed, Captain Murphy, Lunchpail

Los Angeles originating BeatGod Steven Ellison, is the Grandnephew of Alice Coltrane, and her husband John Coltrane...  But he doesn't live in the shadow of his relative's names, he achieves a name for himself just from sheer talent alone.  From Adult Swim, to GTA V, his music is a subculture.  His name comes up when speaking of J Dilla, and he doesn't think he deserves it;.  A humble, and fantastic producer, I practically love the man.


About

From Ann Arbor, Telecom Student, Pianist, Rugger, Guitarist, Artist (sorta), Web developer, Hoonyak, Traveler, Nerd, Uncle, Toi, Brother, Friend, Leader, thinker, driver, reader, writer, landscaper.